---
title: Week 5 (9/27-10/3)
excerpt: "Week 5 (9/27-10/3)"
published: true

---

## Week 5 (9/27-10/3)

<br>
<br>

### Midterm Exam 1 Information

* The first midterm exam will be given on **Thursday, October 7 at 2:20-3:35 PM**
  (i.e. during the regular class time). **This is the same time for both Tuesday and Thursday groups.**

* There will be a class meeting on Tuesday, October 5 for both Tuesday and Thursday
  groups. During this meeting I will review the exam material and answer any related questions.

* The scope of the exam will correspond to chapters 2-8 of the lecture notes. You can
  print these chapters and use them during the exam. No other resources (books, computers etc.)
  are permitted.

* The exam will consist of 5 problems, but for full credit you will need to solve any
  4 of them. Each problem will be worth 20 points.

* Exam problems will be similar to homework exercises, only shorter since the exam time
  is limited. Reviewing the homework assignments 1-4 and additional exercises from
  the course lecture notes is a good way to prepare for the exam.

* This week I will have office hours on **Wednesday, October 6 at 5:00-7:00 PM** on Discord,
  so I can help with any pre-exam questions. There will not be office hours on Friday.

<br/>


### Watch & Read

There is no reading assignment this week because of the upcoming midterm exam.

<br/>


### Weekly Digest

{% include due_dates.html
tue_deadline = 'Tuesday 10/5, 10:00 AM'
thu_deadline = 'Thursday 10/5, 10:00 AM'
%}

You are still required to complete Weekly Digest 5 on [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com).
**Students in both Tuesday and Thursday groups need to complete the digest by 10:00 AM on Tuesday 10/5**.
In particular, please submit questions that you would like to see answered during
the exam review on Tuesday 10/5.

<br/>



### Homework

There is no new homework this week.
