---
title: Week 10 (11/1-11/7)
excerpt: "Week 10 (11/1-11/1)"
published: true

---

## Week 10 (11/1-11/7)

<br>
<br>

### Midterm Exam 2 Information

* The second midterm exam will be given on **Thursday, November 11 at 2:20-3:35 PM**
  (i.e. during the regular class time). **This is the same time for both Tuesday and Thursday groups.**

* There will be a class meeting on Tuesday, November 9 for both Tuesday and Thursday
  groups. During this meeting I will review the exam material and answer any related questions.

* The scope of the exam will correspond to chapters 9-15 of the lecture notes. Pleae note
  that while these chapters will be the main focus of the exam, materials from earlier chapters
  may show up as well. You can print the lecture notes and use them during the exam. You can use your
  own notes too. Other resources (books, computers etc.) are not permitted.

* The exam will consist of 5 problems, but for full credit you will need to solve any
  4 of them. Each problem will be worth 20 points.

* Exam problems will be similar to homework exercises, only shorter since the exam time
  is limited. Reviewing the homework assignments 5-8 and additional exercises from
  the course lecture notes is a good way to prepare for the exam.

* During the exam week I will have office hours on **Wednesday, November 10 at 5:00-7:00 PM**
  on Discord, so I can help with any pre-exam questions. There will not be office hours on Friday,
  November 12.

<br/>


### Watch & Read

There is no reading assignment this week because of the upcoming midterm exam.

<br/>


### Weekly Digest

{% include due_dates.html
tue_deadline = 'Tuesday 11/9, 10:00 AM'
thu_deadline = 'Thursday 11/9, 10:00 AM'
%}

You are still required to complete Weekly Digest 10 on [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com).
**Students in both Tuesday and Thursday groups need to complete the digest by 10:00 AM on Tuesday 11/9**.
In particular, please submit questions that you would like to see answered during
the exam review on Tuesday 11/9.

<br/>



### Homework

There is no new homework this week.
